hey what's up everybody I'm as you can
see this is how your controller looks
when it's about the going to surgery
your ps3 controller um I'm gonna spray
paint my controller the reason it looks
tape like this is because this control
is going to be called the shitty
controller for my friends when they come
over so I gotta make sure this
controller looks like shit alright so
yeah so everything is taped I didn't
give a shit how I taped it so yeah I'm
gonna show you how does it look I'm
gonna use on white paint pass me that
white paint I'm gonna show you what i'm
using i didn't give a shit what i'm
using whatever so yeah watch out for
next part right now alright guys i'm
back now it goes my crap mod cuz i don't
know how to paint for shit that all
about oh god it's horrible all right i'm
gonna unwrap all the tape off of it and
after i'm done all the tape taking it
off i'll come back all right please
alright guys i'm back look at that pub
table took love I look at the shitty mod
I just did guys are like all this guys
fucking stupid I don't give a shit you
know me ps3 controllers i have almost
out I must have over 15 so
the back looks pretty cool you're
wondering yeah did not paint dicey it is
nice and clean light still turn on
controller to see perfectly fine so next
time I designed hotter than that but for
right now looks I I look does look
shitty and it feels rough but it feels
dope like that and it doesn't stink like
other spray paints looks pretty bad so
tell me what you think I was crazy for
doing this or whatever so yeah peace
thanks for watching and yeah subscribe
to my channel and I'm rate and comment
my videos it uh yeah thanks for watching
peace oh yeah kog and keep all gaming
piece